♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pup, Pup And Away."
Why did I ever agree to a balloon race?
Not too high! Not too fast!
[laughs] You're still on the ground,
Mayor Goodway.
Oh, yes.
Ha. Hmm.
I need to get over this fear of heights.
[chuckles]
And anyway, I can always
keep my eyes closed.
Don't forget, Mayor Goodway,
I'll be in the balloon to help you.
Oh, right. Thanks, Ryder.
Okay. Ready to unroll, pups?
Ready.
It sure is dusty.
Uh-oh, it's got a…
[sneezes]
[grunts]
It's got a rip. A bad rip.
This balloon won't hold air.
Oh, Mayor Humdinger from Foggy Bottom
will win
the annual Mayors' Balloon Race again.
Don't worry. We'll get
this balloon ready in time for the race.
-No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
On your bark, get set…
[howls]
[all panting]
[grunts]
[laughs]
[beeps]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout.
[all] Ryder's calling.
Whoa! [grunts]
New race to the Lookout.
[all barking]
[all grunt]
Pups, we've got
a serious case of the wedgies.
[all laugh]
Wait for me.
Whoa no. Ah!
[laughs]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Pups, we have a problem.
[beeps]
We need to fix the hot air balloon
for Mayor Goodway's big race.
The balloon has a big rip in it.
-[all gasp]
-[beeps]
Rocky, you'll need to find
something we can reuse to patch it.
Green means go.
[Ryder] The hot air
that makes the balloon rise
comes from a gas flame heater.
Marshall, I'll need you to make sure
that the heater is safe.
I'm fired up.
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[laughs]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Whoo-hoo!
-[laughs]
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
Whoa!
-♪ Rocky ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoa!
-♪ Marshall ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
[tires screech]
No time to lose, pups.
The balloon race starts soon.
Hmm. We need a patch.
[gasps]
I've got the perfect thing in my truck.
[Ryder]
How does the gas tank look, Marshall?
The big question is how they smell.
[sniffs]
I don't smell any gas leaks.
Ready to test the flame?
--[barks]
Standing by.
[Ryder] All systems go.
[barks]
Glue. [barks]
This piece of Zuma's old surf kite
will patch that hole up perfectly.
[barks]
Don't lose it, reuse it.
The patch is perfect, Rocky.
Oh! It's working!
I can't believe it works!
I-- Oh, I mean, of course it works.
The PAW Patrol fixed it.
The other balloons
are getting near Farmer Yumi's.
Once they get to the silo,
the race starts.
We better hurry.
I'll grab our flying gear
and we're off.
Time to get over my fear of heights
once and for all.
[Inhales deeply]
I'm going to ride in this balloon
and win this race!
Oh, dear.
Is-- Is the ground going down
or am I going up?
The balloon!
Grab it.
-[screams]
-Mayor Goodway, come back!
[grunts]
-[gasps]
-[barks]
[panting]
[screams]
Uh-oh. Whoa!
Marshall!
[sighs] Thanks, Ryder.
Great catch.
Ryder, pups!
Get me down!
The race has started!
I don't see our balloon.
[Ryder] Skye, PAW Patrol emergency.
Mayor Goodway took off without me.
I need you to fly me
to the balloon in your copter.
Let's take to the sky!
[laughs]
[barks]
I can't look! I can't look!
But I must look.
[Clucks]
Oh no! I better go higher.
Whoa!
[clucks]
Hi, little chicken. [laughs]
Well, aren't you a cutie.
[clucks]
[man] Look, Mayor Humdinger,
Mayor Goodway's catching up.
Hmm. It looks like they got
that dusty old bag of wind up in the air.
And the balloon is working too.
Full steam ahead! [cackles]
Let's go.
This pup's got to fly.
[gasps] There's Mayor Goodway,
headed towards Seal Island.
-Yikes!
-[squawking]
Ah!
[clucks]
-[helicopter whirring]
-What's that?
Ryder?
Oh yes!
Oh no. I can't watch.
Ready, Ryder?
I'll swing you over to the balloon.
[grunts]
Think you could give me
a hand here, Mayor Goodway?
[gasps]
Great. Now pull me in a bit.
Oh!
[gasps] Oh, I did it!
You did it. We did it.
Good work.
Now, let's see about this race.
Made it safe, Skye.
See you at the finish line.
Roger that.
Go win that trophy!
Thank you, Ryder.
I'm so glad everything's okay now.
Not exactly.
[Goodway shouts]
[flame roars]
[both] Whoa!
Close one.
All right, Mayor, ready to win this race?
The race? [gasps] I almost forgot.
-Are you in?
-In it to win it!
[flame roars]
[chuckles] Easiest race yet.
Looks like another year on top
for the town of Foggy Bottom.
[snickers]
What is it?
What? How did you get there?
This race is on, Mayor Humdinger.
Don't worry. We'll wait for you
at the finish line. [laughs]
Oh, I've never lost a race,
and I'm not starting now!
After them!
[flame roars]
There's Jinx Mountain.
The finish line is on the other side.
The winds are stronger up higher,
and we'd have a better chance of winning.
What do you say?
Up, up, and away!
Whoo-hoo!
[Humdinger] They're beating us.
Higher, higher!
[Goodwill exclaims]
[Humdinger exclaims] Full steam ahead!
[crowd cheering]
[Chase] There's the finish line.
Here they come!
Go, Adventure Bay!
[Goodway] Hey, Jake!
[Jake] Yo, cool.
Oh, I have to prepare a victory speech.
I hope you get to use it.
-[laughs]
-[gasps]
How did Humdinger get ahead of us?
We're going to have to drop fast
to get to the finish line first.
Are you ready, Mayor?
In it to win it!
Whoo-hoo!
[screams]
[Humdinger laughs] Winning!
[Goodway] Whoo-hoo!
[Humdinger] What?
[all cheering]
[Ryder]
Mayor Goodway and Adventure Bay win.
Oh, we did it!
[chuckles] Yes.
I believe this trophy
belongs to you this year, Mayor Goodway.
[grumbles]
No. It belongs to Ryder
and his loyal PAW Patrol.
This calls for a celebration.
[grumbles]
Thanks, Ryder.
You and the pups really saved the day.
Whenever you need a hand,
just yelp for help.
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ You're all good pup ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
Ryder, I've entered Adventure Bay
into the Mayors' Submarine Race.
You can be my captain.
Ha! Why bother?
Foggy Bottom's sub is sure
to win the Mayors' Race.
Just like last year.
I don't think so.
Today is a new day, Humdinger.
[Humdinger] Well, today is the only day
you'll beat Foggy Bottom at anything.
-Oh, you think so?
-I know so.
-We'll see about that.
-Yes, we will.
-[chuckles] Oh no.
-[Humdinger] Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
[laughs]
[theme song playing]